### Runtime SDK v0.5.0

#### Managed Browser Contexts

You no longer need to run headless browsers like Playwright or Puppeteer on your own infrastructure. Let Anon do the work!

To use this feature, modify the `setupAnonBrowserWithContext` argument `contextOptions` to use a new `type` enum called `"managed"`.

```tsx
  const { browserContext, browser } = await setupAnonBrowserWithContext(
    client,
    account,
    { type: "managed", input: { }, },
  );

  const page = browser.contexts()[0].pages()[0];

  await executeRuntimeScript({
    client,
    account,
    target: { page },
    initialUrl: "www.example.com",
    run,
  });
```

#### Cleanup Options

You can indicate whether or not you want to close your page or browser context when running `executeRuntimeScript`. This change enables you to control whether you'd like to execute different scripts on the same page or a new one.

To use the feature, you just need to specify the `cleanupOptions` when running `executeRuntimeScript`.

```tsx
  const { browserContext, browser } = await setupAnonBrowserWithContext(
    client,
    account,
    { type: "managed", input: { }, },
  );

  const page = browser.contexts()[0].pages()[0];

  await executeRuntimeScript({
    client,
    account,
    target: { page: page },
    initialUrl: "www.example.com",
    cleanupOptions: { closePage: false, closeBrowserContext: false },
    run: run,
  });
```

### Link SDK
#### React Native Support

You can now use the Link SDK with React Native for iOS apps! Check out our new [documentation](/docs/connecting-user-sessions/platforms/react-native) to learn more.
#### Bug Fixes
We've improved reliability & support for integrations on iOS and squashed bugs related to hanging logins and false positive success pages.

### Hosted UserPools
Now you can create UserPools without the need for a JWKS URI from an external identity provider. Anon can host one for you! Learn how to create a new hosted UserPool in our documentation and [API reference](/reference/api/userpool/create-a-new-userpool).

With a hosted UserPool, you can generate an `appUserIdToken` using our new [`GET /org/appUserIdToken` endpoint]((/reference/api/appuseridtoken/issue-a-new-appuseridtoken). Check out our documentation to learn more.